http://ca.indeed.com/cmp/Alteris-Consulting/jobs/Data-Scientist-535b5d923458aea6?r=1&fccid=3c94a2748382b468
About UsAlteris is a flexible and agile consulting organization with a support network across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. We counsel our clients on key strategic issues, leveraging our deep industry expertise and using analytical rigor to help them make informed decisions more quickly and solve their toughest and most critical business problems.Why Choose Alteris Consulting?Companies come to us because they know we offer the knowledge, insight and guidance they need to move forward with confidence. Our consultants deliver world-class and rigorous Management Consulting, Outsourcing of Business, and Technology. Coupled by the deep knowledge of our industries and pragmatic solutions, we continually produce practical, high-impact results.No matter how complex your business questions, we have the capabilities and experience to deliver the answers you need to move forward. Alteris will continue to act globally but deliver locally to take decisive action and achieve sustainable results.Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Data Scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with clients work environment. Alteris Consulting is looking for an exceptional data scientist to synthesize and leverage our massive dataset of Large Data to enhance Customer Experience. This is a unique opportunity to join a new, multidisciplinary team of creative and passionate individuals destined to change the face of Financial Sector. We are focused on the company’s agenda, and work on high-impact projects utilizing big data analytics and machine learning to improve Customer Outcomes. We are a robust team combining science and engineering to identify and inject high-value insights into the Financial Sector at their point of highest impact. The team works in quick iterations, using the techniques and algorithms best suited for solving the challenging problems within a demanding Financial Sector.What you will be doingYou will advocate, evangelize and build data-fuelled products that help our customers improve their banking experience. Working with a high preforming team you will become an expert on our Financial Services datasets. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables. You will work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas. You will drive and lead applied analytic initiatives that are leveraged across the breadth of our solutions for the Financial Sector. You will research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes. As our data scientist, you will provide expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader applied analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization. Alteris Consulting believes in a culture that is built upon an entrepreneurial spirit, a diverse workforce and the autonomy for every individual in our firm the opportunity to succeed in everything that we do. We cultivate and build with in providing our newest grads to our experienced professionals the tools and agility our clients look for in the right team. Our leadership at Alteris is invested in our employees and are always interested in working with those who value the same goals ambitions in aligning to a firm that dedicated to the spirit of client service. Come be part of a winning team that wants your career to grow!Job Type: ContractJob Location:Toronto, ONRequired education:Master'sRequired experience:analytics, finance and/or consulting.: 7 yearsleading analytics tools and techniques including, but not limited to, SAS, R, Python, networks analy: 5 years