http://ca.indeed.com/company/Cardinal-Path/jobs/Junior-Consultant-87e11e23543bb975?fccid=4f40f175587d11a2
The Junior Consultant role at Cardinal Path is designed for people who have some exposure to digital analysis or digital business intelligence but really want to grow existing skills and learn new skills. Areas of growth include (but are not limited to) data visualization, data science, customer analysis, and testing strategies. If this is the right role for you, then read on.You are a natural problem solver and a quick learner. You enjoy working with data because it’s like a mystery to be solved. You do not give up easily and you know how to separate the nuggets from the noise. You also enjoy working with people because you can both listen and translate data into meaningful business actions. You are not afraid to re-work a hypothesis. You finding those actionable insights that make clients want to keep coming back to you.In this role, you will have guidance from a Cardinal Path Manager, work closely with Cardinal Path teammates and also client stakeholders. We will teach you our analytic methodologies which will be executed through both automated reporting and ongoing analysis.QualificationsBachelor’s degree (Quantitative field preferred)1+ years of solid digital business analysis, media experience in large size companies or agencies with multiple functions / business units preferred1+ years of continuous work with standard clickstream analysis tools: Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, WebTrends or IBM Digital Analytics (Coremetrics/Unica)Previous exposure to advanced web analytics methodologies such as experimentation and testing, competitive analysis, surveys and market research.Experience presenting analysis and insights to stakeholders/clientsExcellent communication skills including verbal, written and data visualization with experience creating clear, concise and professional documentsAbility to manage time effectively both independently and as a member of a cross functional teamDrive focused decisions within specific areas and be a key contributor to decisions beyond specific scope of roleUse sound judgment to identify issues and escalate them when appropriateWhat will make you stand outKnowledge of enterprise analytics data management and analytic tools (ex. Terradata, Oracle, SAS, SPSS) a plusVery strong skills in Excel and PPT. Tableau, SQL or R experience a plusOur CompanyWe are a fast-growing, leading marketing company with offices in the U.S. and Canada. We offer our employees competitive wages, flexible benefits, an awesome culture and the satisfaction of seeing a positive impact on our clients’ bottom line.Cardinal Path is an equal opportunity employer; applicants are considered for all roles without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, citizenship status, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital, parental, veteran or military status, unfavorable military discharge, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law .Job Type: Full-timeJob Location:Toronto, ONRequired education:Bachelor'sRequired experience:standard clickstream analysis tools including Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or Webtrends: 1 year