http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1007eb406e852f88&fccid=537b899e30af3338
What is the opportunity?
Excited by Data?  This is your opportunity to join the RBC data transformation.  We believe that Hadoop is a compute grid and not just a data store, and that utilizing the right tools for the job is a priority.  We are a team that believes being agile a way of thinking, and not a process to follow.  We believe in going big, pushing the boundaries and daring to fail. That the community is greater than any hero and that competency is greater than any corporate title
 
What will you do?

Utilizing the latest technologies available, designing and building data solutions to meet business needs
Be an active contributor to not only your individual team, but to the RBC development community
Constantly seek out better ways to do things, new tools, new technologies, new processes
Work on both transformational and BAU projects delivering new value while also maintaining existing processes
Work as part of a cross functional agile team responsible for end-to-end delivery of business needs
Utilize DevOps to automate everything

 
What do you need to succeed?
Must-have

Working experience with Agile methodology
Core Java development experience with multi-threading or distributed computing
Experience with GitHub and Jenkins
Desire to continually learn and stay on top of the latest technology trends
Required: University Degree, preferably graduate in computer science, finance, mathematics or physical sciences

 
Nice-to-have

Experience with Hadoop or understanding of its components
Experience with data modeling and data management tools

 
What’s in it for you?
We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.
SFBD
About RBC
Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com.
 
Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment
RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request.
 
JOB SUMMARY
City:  Toronto 
Address:  88 Queens Quay West 
Work Hours/Week:  37.5 
Work Environment:  Office 
Career Level:  Experienced Hire/Professional 
Pay Type:  Salaried 
Required Travel(%):  0    
People Manager:  No 
Req ID:  128413
Posting Notes:  





Job Segment: 
Database, Bank, Banking, Information Technology, Programmer, Technology, Finance