http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f4f9f12bfd34d6a1&fccid=537b899e30af3338
What is the opportunity?
 
You will be a Digital Data Engineer working with RBC’s Digital Intelligence & Digital Marketing Group. The purpose of this role is to develop, maintain, test and evaluate data solutions within RBC data systems. You will be driving implementation of new technologies to implement efficient architecture.
 
What will you do?

 
Work with data APIs to collect or ingest data
Work with third-party vendors and internal T&O teams to move data between a variety of systems
Research opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data
Collaborate with data architect to determine which data management systems to use, data scientists to identify data for analysis, and IT team members on project goals
Ensure systems meet business requirements and industry practices
Develop data set processes for data modelling, mining, and production
Automate ETL processes


Continually enhances skills and builds knowledge in all aspects of the organization, the business and information systems
Utilize relational databases such as MySQL, MS SQL Server, or Oracle
Implement deployment of data models

 
Must-have
 

BSc or above in mathematics, statistics, computer science or software engineering
Total IT experience of at least 5+ years
Thorough understanding of marketing analytics, data mining, experimentation and measurement
Ability to multi-task and prioritize/complete projects in a timely manner
Proven analytics and problem solving skills
Ability to assist in the deployment of near real-time and real-time advanced analytics models within customer-facing applications
Experience with design, coding, and testing patterns
Ability to perform data modelling and understand various data structures, with the ability to identify benefits and limitations
Strong team player with track record of collaboration and experience working as part of an agile team
Excellent verbal, written, communication and presentation skills
Highly detail oriented and comfortable with large amounts of data
Experience with Hadoop and related programs: Spark, Kafka, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, HBase, and MapReduce
Mid-tier experience including REST and SOAP
Experience with data security for data at rest and in transit (firewalls, hashing, encryption, SSL)
Knowledge of different programming or scripting languages (Java, Javascript, Python, R, SQL)

 
Nice-to-have
 

Sound knowledge of CRM 
Good knowledge of Windows & UNIX Operating Systems
Familiar with tools such as Oracle, DB2, SQL, Vertica, Teradata, Public Cloud Services
Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods
Working knowledge of host MVS and JCL
Knowledge of General WAS (Websphere), Web Services
Knowledge of Middleware technologies (ex. MQSeries/Websphere, WXF, XML, .NET)

 
 
What’s in it for you?
 

Work with a quickly growing team within RBC
Work on a new application having direct impact to clients
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact
Continued career advancement opportunities
Exposure to strong mentorship and leadership examples
A world-class training program in financial services
Opportunities to be a valuable member of a close-knit, collaborative team that encourages networking
A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits
Competitive compensation

 
Learn more about RBC Tech Jobs
 
About RBC
Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 37 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com.
 
Join our Talent Community
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. It’s easy! Join our Talent Community and get the inside scoop on the jobs, career paths, and recruitment events that matter to you.
 
Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment
RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request.
 
JOB SUMMARY
City:  Toronto 
Address:  88 Queens Quay West 
Work Hours/Week:  37.5 
Work Environment:  Office 
Employment Type:  Permanent 
Career Level:  Experienced Hire/Professional 
Pay Type:  Salary + Variable Bonus 
Required Travel(%):  0    
Exempt/Non-Exempt:  N/A 
People Manager:  No 
Job Posting End Date:  01/06/2017 
Req ID:  124863
Posting Notes:  





Job Segment: 
Database, Bank, Banking, Engineer, Oracle, Technology, Finance, Engineering