http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7b6baff95bccb9b1&fccid=537b899e30af3338
.
What is the opportunity?
Are you interested in the opportunity to work as a Data Analyst Student? By applying to this job posting, you will be considered for multiple roles available across RBC Technology & Operations. Some exciting areas you may be able to contribute to are: 

Innovation & Technology
Global Technology Infrastructure
Enterprise Operations Payments

 
What will you do?

Analyze, design, deliver, and implement analytic development projects, with the use of RBC’s analytics tools
Ensure that project activities are accomplished within approved time frames, scope, and budgets
Confirm that projects adhere to development standards and guidelines
Apply data warehouse concepts and methodologies to various projects

 
What do you need to succeed?
Must-have

Currently enrolled at a Canadian post-secondary institution with a focus on computer science, mathematics, statistics, commerce, or business analysis
Leadership acumen and a passion to apply it in a dynamic business environment
Excellent interpersonal and highly developed communication skills (verbal and written)
Creative and analytical thinker who is self-driven and capable of working in a fast paced environment
Strong MS Office skills – Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint
Experience or understanding of open-source software frameworks (Hadoop), data visualization tools (Tableau and Splunk), and databases (SQL and/or VBA)

 
Nice-to-have

Prior experience in data integration of disparate data sources
Knowledge of design, development, and implementation utilizing current analytics technologies and architecture, as well as data warehouse concepts and methodologies
Relational database concepts and design experience
Ability to learn and absorb new concepts (in business and in systems) quickly and apply new knowledge

 
What’s in it for you?
We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

Network and build lasting relationships with students from diverse backgrounds from across Canada
Participate in fun events and gamification challenges to help build your career tool kit while enjoying a work-life balance
Leaders who support your development through coaching and learning opportunities
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive and highly performing team
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact
Enjoy a comfortable work environment with the option to dress casually 


 
 
About RBC
Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We employ approximately 78,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 39 other countries. For more information, please visit rbc.com.

Join our Talent Community
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. It’s easy! Join our Talent Community and get the inside scoop on the jobs, career paths, and recruitment events that matter to you.
 
Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment
RBC is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected factors. Disability-related accommodations during the application process are available upon request.
 
 
JOB SUMMARY
City:  Toronto
Address:  Various
Work Hours/Week:  37.5
Work Environment:  Office
Career Level:   Student Job
Job Posting End Date:  10/16/2016
Req ID:  119207
Posting Notes:  None





Job Segment: 
Database, Bank, Banking, Developer, Computer Science, Technology, Finance