http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e47b9cb25a662df4&fccid=3002307a9e5b4706

 Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.  By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage.Duties and Responsibilities? Identify, acquire and use large volumes of data to provide incremental business value through creation of new models and algorithms? Develop innovative solutions and create products that provide business value and improve customer experience ? Work with large datasets and distributed computing tools (e.g., Hadoop, Hive and Pig) for analysis, data mining and modeling? Collaborate with business lines and other stakeholders to deploy models across different channels and customer platforms? Work with software developers and data engineers to put models and algorithms in production? Create and apply model and algorithm testing strategies to measure performance on an ongoing basis? Prepare detailed documentation to outline data sources, models and algorithms used and developed? Hiring, managing and developing a team of Data Scientists  SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: ? Degree in Statistics, Computer Science or related field? Experience cleaning, managing and visualizing large data sets (both structured and unstructured) and working with various data formats (e.g., XML, JSON)? Hands-on experience with Hadoop ecosystem tools (e.g., Hive, Pig, Sqoop) and some experience with NoSQL databases (e.g., MongoDB, Hbase of CouchDB)? Production experience with experimental design, statistical analysis, machine learning and predictive modeling (e.g., cross-sell, upsell, attrition, acquisition and look-alike models? Strong software engineering skills in Java, C++, or Python? Extensive experience with statistical analysis tools like SAS and R? Experience with UNIX tools and shell scripting? Solid SQL skills for querying relational databases (e.g., SQL Server, DB2, MySQL)? Experience using and implementing visualization tools like D3, Tableau or Qlikview? Experience with text analytics and recommender systems would be an asset? Experience with social media, mobile and web analytics is a strong asset? Excellent written and oral communication skills with extensive experience presenting complex technical ideas and findings to business stakeholders ? Highly motivated self-starter with experience producing high quality data deliverables and able to work independently and in a team environment? Strong problem-solving and analytical skills and thrives in a fast-paced environment? At least 2 years of big data analytics experience? At least 1 year of experience leading a team of analysts  Scotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
