http://ca.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BqWn8HSLxZP7qNxYtvKyMZM8CN-7389M2jKabNWVGpajLSSO3tUY05XhAXcX-dTnobK8C-8RuHEF8U2cE98fvHrPNb1y6QPKeoH7Hkie0cFdhpmU451IetB4R-ae_OZOtmEDvhgyBmlNDLnRKteJ5pOnv-ZE9sg9uhsTV3g4RMqfzYPc0pJ967jTP-0NQ7Cu4Y9fqDYnNY2XigC6-pQfrG0rnTIW9rkVmzHuKnCKx7LxcckKWKNa9W0b7smC1Fx7roosOvjQ4dPPsgfoM6Xl1v0S97FrwrWT_HNOckESeFx_QiAzcDIGJODc-0fExyKSs_nIFtkmSl_mo2DqNcT8EnZUl-LgLbxfjI1CPYSO_kNcTEpFPSgdusmlEQu6qoCixv5R921ind8Hwc9_Ij9Hg2r33srsquBgZuU09-mpue81xp-xXnmD47evwMqW8Jq0o=&p=5&sk=&fvj=0

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage.Purpose:The incumbent will be responsible for the development of predictive and optimization models, build capabilities on web analytics, social media, mobile banking and leveraging unstructured data. These models and capabilities are to assist our key business partners achieve growth and profitability targets using best-in-class machine learning/statistical methods and advanced analytical tools. Business partners include Core Deposits, Investment, Wealth Management, Unsecured Lending, Credit Cards, Real Estate Secured Lending and Small business Banking etc. The incumbent will also support direct marketing initiatives by providing insights, ideas and solutions through advanced data mining and profit optimization.Complexity of Position:- Excellent quantitative analytical skills. Must be able to interpret and consolidate large amounts of information in actionable recommendations. Uses sound judgment in the creation of the work plan, analysis, validation, interpretation and presentation of findings.- Advanced skills in R, Python, Scala and SAS.- Strong theoretical knowledge and practical understanding of statistical analysis and machine learning techniques.- Experience with Big Data technologies e.g. Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, HBase, Spark- Experience on web/digital/mobile analytics, social media and sentiment analysis.- Strong verbal and written communication skills, being able to effectively communicate statistical/optimization concepts and how they can be utilized to business partners.- Strong knowledge financial services products and features, especially credit cards, day-to-day banking and other loan products. Key Accountabilities:- Apply leading-edge technologies and advanced analytical tools to analyze web/mobile/social media data together with internal customer and transaction data to improve performance and efficiency in business decision-making.- Develop predictive models. The incumbent delivers best-in-class models that improve targeting for acquisition, cross-sell, up-sell and retention activities. This involves working with various lines of business, understand their problems and needs and developing data-driven solutions.- Present and interpret models to business partners and recommend how to apply them for actual targeting and marketing.- Conduct model tracking and validation to suggest appropriate course of action to maintain model performance.- Provide decision support, data mining service, and consultation to help retail banking achieve business objectives.- Prepare detailed model documentations for sign-off, implementation and promoting models into monthly production.Educational Requirements:Degree in statistics, operations research or mathematics, computer science or other quantitative field strongly leveraging these domains.Other Information:Job code: dataanalyticsScotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
