http://ca.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BqWn8HSLxZP7qNxYtvKyMZM8CN-7389M2jKabNWVGpajLSSO3tUY05XhAXcX-dTnp3FmkiumXnpLh6f5e5NBtEA9cZ0Ft1MfM61f3bZE9c0pGX1_B3r1vxMIMSuruPH-LH30zaye5NCvdjfeC7H72MLjQdLdiHr7yPhRnzlxsFd7JYinnlM0mJKD6HYlbL4OlYAC1KK1CAKDMFEoD33kAOAmNcxEJr6rFjDMeOh5rAZiO3zECr839vsMg6DGKN2ac2-d_C-5uS04zkUamk7mUapVIbb0Qril0iI44X_fY1s8OkULejQVJkDAl2VYaj0jQzYaafNu8s07yJP7PsdERasCt4BDGKGqi6kiD68VirfD-gP-QNssDBAkgXDgTQ4YF5OzlQ92lfEcrRVn4kxfv3r7F0jCQze5Y7hjQlMUZMqs_0YjlLr6fxaaJ_xQKMsCXEcCJGAm7E-CKGUTR9lssc&p=5&sk=&fvj=0

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage. PURPOSE: The Network Analyst Advisory IIfunction is responsible for the design, deployment, and operation ofScotiabank’s enterprise infrastructure services as it pertains to Voice andNetwork technologies.  You will work with technical and business subjectmatter experts on technically complex projects to ensure proposed solutionsmeet the requirements of the business. The successful candidate will design infrastructure that is in line withBank and divisional standards, best practices, roadmaps and sustained support structures. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Maintain technology skills andknowledge of emerging technological trends across at least a single networktechnology discipline with strong working knowledge of other key technologies.  Design solutions for small to mediumprojects. Participates in the designprocess with team members to ensure the recommended design achieves theappropriate balance between costs, re-use, ongoing maintenance, operability andscalability.Assists in the analysis of userrequirements, taking into consideration interfaces with current Bank systems,hardware and software limitations. Provide user support in developingtheir detailed requirements.  Support technical architecturaldesign solutions and reviews for technology initiatives including environmentsfrom Development, IST, UAT, Pre-Prod, Production and BCP. The designs must meetthe functional and non-functional (performance, resiliency, etc) requirements. Provide investigative summary analysis and technical advice to direct management,peers and users.Participate in the delivery of thenegotiated product/function with the user while following BNS standards andmethodology.Prepare detailed design specifications for new applications, development enhancementsand maintenance.Present work for review in structured walkthrough presentations of applicationsystems with project team members and users during various stages of thedevelopment process.Support the documentation of test strategies, and the execution of the tests . Negotiate and gain acceptance of design and priorities across technology andbusiness teams.Provide post-project production support for assigned systems by acting as thirdlevel support.Work with the team to document technical standards.Develop technical roadmaps andstrategies and responsible for research and development activities.Mentor others and transfer subject matter expertise to IT practitioners whereappropriate.Identify and pursue opportunities to enhance expertise and knowledge. Formulate implementation and conversion strategies for complex computersystems.FUNCTIONAL COMPETENCIES:Five years of experience with data network technologies and solutions specificallybut not limited to LAN/WAN/Wi-Fi, gateways, load balancing, WAN optimization,SDN, firewall and security infrastructure design and the hardware technologiesassociated within each. Five years of experience with opticalnetwork technologies such as Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM),Coarse Wavelength Division Multiplexing (CWDM), Optical fiber amplifiers(OFAs), and Dispersion Compensation Modules (DCMs). Five years of experience with IPenable voice network technologies, VOIP network design and VOIP integration.Five years of networking operationssystems such as Cisco IOS, Cisco NX-OS, Juniper Screen OS and Juniper JUNOS.Five years of experience with enterprise network management applications.Advanced knowledge DNS/DHCP/IPAM, IP services, IPv4 to IPv6 transitions andstrategies.  EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Engineering or Computer Sciencedegree.Scotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
