http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7a2658238b00832b&fccid=3002307a9e5b4706

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best Workplace Scotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social Responsibility Scotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.Global Risk Management (GRM) plays a leadership role in establishing the Bank´s risk appetite and strategies - and partners with the Business Lines, Finance, Group Treasury and others to operate within these parameters.Scotiabank´s approach to risk management is a globally-recognized competitive advantage - which balances sound judgment, effective tools, considerable management input & prudent oversight.GRM´s greatest strength is the expertise and commitment of our people. We are committed to attracting, developing & rewarding a diverse group of high-performing employees.PURPOSE: Credit Risk Analyst, Portfolio Oversight C&CA will report to the Senior Manager. The incumbent will be responsible for measuring, monitoring and controlling portfolio risk by managing risk controls system and proactively developing recommendations to strengthen portfolio performance and maximize profitability. Their main responsibilities will include producing regular portfolio reports and commentary to Senior Management. The incumbent will liaison with other risk areas and business partners to understand variances and obtain key initiatives updates. Develop action plans to mitigate risks and support prudent portfolio growth.They will also be responsible to include the designing and implementing of early warning thresholds and concentration risks to monitor changes in the portfolio. The incumbent will provide recommendations to strengthen the review process and reporting infrastructure.As a member of the Credit Policy and Oversight team, the incumbent will also assist in policy change recommendations and business opportunities. They will apply data querying and analytical skills to propose data-driven credit solutions/ad-hoc analysis to support the Bank’s credit risk appetite. The successful candidate will be highly organized, have a strong analytical approach and possess excellent communication skills.The job involves working with local risk management teams across the Caribbean and Central American countries, Loan Adjudication Center, Products, Operations, Audit, Compliance and various regulatory bodies.KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:Monitor portfolio performance by key metrics. Develop early warning capabilities and set up tolerance thresholds to signal changes in the portfolio dynamics and shift in populationDevelop a portfolio oversight dashboard to monitor portfolio risk at the regional, country, product, and customer level. Identify areas of opportunities for improvement and growth.Produce monthly executive reports to communicate portfolio status, key concerns and areas of opportunities. Liaison with other risk areas and business partners to investigate variances and update key initiatives. Provide action plans to mitigate risk and support prudent portfolio growth.Conduct ad-hoc analyses and deep-dive reviews to deliver actionable portfolio insights in response to changes in customer behaviours, industry trends, market/macro-economic situations and regulatory requirements.Apply analytics and data management expertise to enhance the reporting infrastructure. Promote the use of risk control system among team members and relevant stakeholders.Collaborate with business partners to support on-going business initiatives. Provide timely support to a broad range of stakeholders including local credit risk management teams across the Caribbean and Central American countries, International Loan Adjudication Centre, Products, Marketing, Shared Services, Operations, Audit and regulatory bodies.SKILLS:University degree in Business/Finance/Accounting/Math/Computer Science (or in final year of completion).Strong analytical and MIS background, including previous SAS programming skills to extract, analyze and manage data from a diverse range of data sources.Strong command of MS Excel application. Able to conduct data analyses using pre-formatted data cube and pivot tables.Basic knowledge of retail credit risk management and business drivers. Ability to understand and analyse data and assess credit policy.Strong attention to accuracy and detail, able to work independently through obstacles.Excellent business writing skills. Present views clearly and convincingly to audiences with varying levels of expertise.Fluency in Spanish is an asset, but not required.EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:University degree in Business/Finance/Accounting. MBA or equivalent preferred Scotiabank is committed to providing an inclusive and accessible candidate experience. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. We will work with you to meet your needs.
