http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e9e175109d326fb2&fccid=3002307a9e5b4706
The Data Engineer must also prove to have analytical, problem-solving, and trouble shooting skills in order to quickly and effectively resolve problems in a demanding, dynamic, and high-paced environment. The ability to multi-task and manage concurrent projects is key.  Must be reliable, pro-active, results-oriented, customer-focused and attentive to details.KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:1. Manage and participate "hands-on" in the implementation of centralized code control, software release builds and testing, as well as application deployment mechanisms to development, testing and production environments. Also responsible to evangelize and train other agile team members on the use of the tools and best practices that ensure incremental new functionality and fixes are deployed with the frequency they are needed by the project team.2. Provide technical expertise, guidance, advice and knowledge transfer to all development staff on all aspects of code management, automated release builds and code deployment. Provide recommendations on departmental standards surrounding systems architecture, application development, release build testing and code deployment.3. May be required to carry a beeper/mobile phone and be available at all times to provide support to the system during release builds.4. Implement new systems or enhancements by reviewing programs written by team members, establishing and executing system test procedures, developing implementation plans, developing the required program and system documentation and ensuring all functionality has been delivered as required. Also required to provide post implementation support and training to the computer operations staff on the production processing functionality.5. Maintain a good understanding of the division's business strategies, business policies, risk management and IT processes and disciplines. In addition, required to provide leadership and specialized consultation in defining, planning and maintaining a strategy for the architecture, development and implementation of technology and systems.6. Ensure the department's objectives are met by assisting in recruiting qualified staff, providing input to performance appraisals on time and maintaining up to date knowledge of technology, industry and business practices.The Data Engineer is guided by Bank policy and receives broad direction from the Senior Manager/Director, and general direction from the Project Manager for the projects assigned. The Data Engineer is expected to function independently to identify opportunities for automation or efficiency, to introduce new technologies and to ensure that the department's objectives are met.KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS:Must have hands on technical working experience with:• Systems Analysis & Design• Agile development• Latest NoSQL technologies/Hadoop/Hive• Continuous Integration & Deployment concepts; and• DataStageAsset to have the following:• Multiple computing platforms, such as UNIX, Windows, Linux, Windows, and knowledge of the different APIs needed to deploy application in an automated way.• Programming languages (XML, .NET C#, SQL, UNIX shell scripts).• Database technologies (DB2, MS SQL Server, Sybase, Oracle).• Database performance and tuning• Working knowledge of PowerBuilder• General knowledge of credit risk management• Broad knowledge of non-retail banks products• Good knowledge of current computer / technology services. EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:**Computer Science Degree or equivalent**