http://ca.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BqWn8HSLxZP7qNxYtvKyMZM8CN-7389M2jKabNWVGpajLSSO3tUY05XhAXcX-dTnohrTLnxxyszKaXPCFReRx_Cg2aVkcE0tY_H0Vo5uShIXQwVxqq8Q7B-mF-pQLUtuCYhfjipdX_SYcukmB9hEmbxTKyo6MZr7X1hwP8jLh1sYdPTwQj6gNjhpj_4P4811pobdm10w3zBXoXPB_qgjQbbTldepwG3JGa8cOK6mY7V8yWjD8bfD_aIvSfymBB4A31NPdMxdVh8xSmiKmVTeOS6hvxx1hhtq8PX-hb38iAvhuv2I2K1wZQV2zgdD_WiAgyFO9gWV6ygIIhMNdY4sNISu8X1j4u0ZWk8egXb5S95d2HvunCUjY7JGNnjMM0T98JPigNnisWDyPelolwNxA6Yu6KLuCKRbsoKeru5MJ6zLLnyAGQoY0a2VFwLOMRRiyrGVTIbF9pBq7qzZXfbGtKEqHrVhh2qRKHJhht5GINEA==&p=1&sk=&fvj=0

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage.Purpose:As a Technical Product Consultant, you are a thought leader in the product management space of the 22nd century. In this unique role, you will bridge our business partners and the development team, responsible for delivering exciting and achievable roadmaps and strategies for the Digital Banking & Payment fields. We are investing heavily in order to become the leader in digital banking space, and we are launching multiple initiatives to do so. You will have a unique chance to help one of the fastest-growing business units become a leader, in both the business strategies, as well as the processes and innovations. You will help scale, enable, and drive mobile & online development excellence as our team continues to deliver innovative solutions to Scotia customers. Key Accountabilities:Product Planning & Management• Ideate & create great products roadmaps and strategies for the online & mobile channels that are achievable, and prioritized based on the best ROI for the company• Conduct research & data analysis to support roadmap initiatives• Deliver values for our customers that are based on the lean start-up methodology and metrics driven• Set benchmarks & metrics to measure the performance of the initiatives• Stay on top of industry & technology trends & fintechs to support continuous innovations• Facilitate requirements gathering and design sessions with multiple stakeholders to extract requirements, and turning them into use cases, user stories, customer journeys etc to convey the  value propositionClient Relationship Management• Become the trusted advisors for our business and other IT teams for any digital channels related topics• Demonstrated experience communicating broad strategic initiatives to both key stakeholders & internal teams• Bridge the gap between business and IT, ensuring common understanding and IT/Business alignment of both functional (for business needs) and non-functional requirements (reporting,  performance, interfaces, constraints, etc.)Team Management• Lead and mentor Business Analysts in large scale projects• Help improve and drive our development practices by providing valuable inputs and suggestions as to what works well and what can be done better• Contribute to a collaborative team environment by information sharing and team cooperation• Demonstrate strong personal values and a commitment to our mission and customersWho you are…  • Experienced. You have 8+ years of experience involving in progressively more challenging responsibilities as a Business Analyst in IT system solution development.  You are also an agile and  lean start up evangelist.• Engineer. Ideally, you have an Engineering or Computer Science degree, and pride yourself on analysis, logical thinking and problem solving skills.• Detail Oriented. You notice all the little details for every document / requirement / conversation that comes across you, and it drives you crazy that others cannot keep everything consistent.• Self - Motivated. You do good work, and lots of it …the drive to deliver quality work is just a part of you.  You are also able to simplify complex situations and navigate ambiguity.• Communicator/Negotiator. You are great at making sure everyone's speaking the same language and are on the same page, and sometimes that involves some give and take. • Multi-tasker. You are able to multi-task and work on multiple initiatives at the same time.• Learning is breathing. You stay current on the tools and approaches that work best. And you are excited about working on new projects because every project is a new learning opportunity!• Team Player. You enjoy collaborating with, learning from, and teaching others so we all become better. Working Conditions:• Business Casual Attire• Flexible Working Hours• Work as part of a team which encourages both individual and collaborative innovations• Shuttle service to other Scotia offices and local malls (Scarborough locations only)• Close to GO bus, subway RT and major highwaysOther Information:Job code:  digitalbankingtechnology Scotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
