http://ca.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BqWn8HSLxZP7qNxYtvKyMZM8CN-7389M2jKabNWVGpajLSSO3tUY05lsMgkyyw5_lFyB11cDcYWyXIRPrDBmQb0P0g0sj56kFMp-F6gbDzDTOa83DWURkdRP-FDopVPE8fguBJ0sv0oVdfuRMcmXnmFKVbhlHupECnVXUBuIRUQA14snxzaUkjl3eDZxxqEZcbcNrOAntrIRRaSvIal9EIntMDSrKNKYRTpYPwlsv7DoME1Z-Yptg_C197bjMhcNM8bxyT0NGORnR0D_l4ddz2B9RtNPtpXgG6fsvmMFOiCbz9wEL9iW4xl21mINj5XkPaak74lst0MxNg3peIBPcSrUPLoUt00E1OhU6Awxx-CFJ-3VFSu2hoSQdPXP0l0dhlLTBX7W2_9fjwj8DXTkhocMkCBjryGWRwAb50PYFT2iQcVBGtfMwkyuwnMPVXQF7FXo3lbmMOqqB4E77V5lKSnokLvw3_FDawTz3GOBqCm_YwMUIA4GUG&p=4&sk=&fvj=0

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best Workplace Scotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social Responsibility Scotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.Global Risk Management (GRM) plays a leadership role in establishing the Bank´s risk appetite and strategies - and partners with the Business Lines, Finance, Group Treasury and others to operate within these parameters.Scotiabank´s approach to risk management is a globally-recognized competitive advantage - which balances sound judgment, effective tools, considerable management input & prudent oversight.GRM´s greatest strength is the expertise and commitment of our people. We are committed to attracting, developing & rewarding a diverse group of high-performing employees.PURPOSE: As part of Scotiabank Global Risk Management, the Market Risk Measurement group is at the forefront of developing risk measures in response to current regulatory changes and risk management initiatives. The group is responsible for methodology, development, and support of models used to measure and manage risk for a wide variety of traded derivative products. The group covers both market and counterparty credit risk. Market Risk Measurement played a leading role in Scotiabank becoming the first Canadian Bank to receive Internal Model Method (IMM) approval for Counterparty Credit Risk by the Canadian Regulator. The ideal candidate will be a graduate in a quantitative discipline such as financial engineering, statistics, mathematics, physics, and economics with interest in derivatives and risk management and a keen interest in model development and research. The position provides the opportunity to quickly get exposed to a broad range of financial products and risk measures. Computational and numerical skills are important assets as are strong written and verbal communication skills. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: ? Develop of platforms, data bases, tools, and processes to oversee and manage counterparty credit risk measures. ? Perform research into new methodologies and industry best practices and work with other teams in Market Risk Measurement to enhance approaches and models.? Support the bank’s IMM and related processes for the bank’s entire derivative portfolio.? Perform quantitative impact studies for internal and external stakeholders as needed.? Collaborate with other groups in Risk Management, Financial Engineering, Finance and various business lines. SKILLS: Soft Skills- Exceptional problem solving skills- Strong written and verbal communication skills- Interest in research into new methodologies with possible research background in a quantitative discipline- Ability to work independentlyTechnical skills- Knowledge of finance, derivative products, and Counterparty Credit Risk measures- Experience in software development (2 years minimum) with exposure to Python and / or C++- Experience in Unix shell scripting or other scripting languages- Experience in a relational database design and application development with Java and SQL EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Graduate degree in a quantitative discipline such as financial engineering, mathematics, statistics, physics, economics, computer science, MBA. Ph.D. degree is welcome but not required. Although the position does not require immediate experience in finance, the candidate is expected to achieve mastery of financial theory and to acquire comprehensive knowledge of the full range of financial products and markets. Many of these products are very complex derivatives and are subject to rapid and widespread change and development.  Scotiabank is committed to providing an inclusive and accessible candidate experience. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. We will work with you to meet your needs.
