http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9cb8fd705b957e32&fccid=3002307a9e5b4706

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage.PURPOSE: Working under the direction of the Manager, Data Management & Governance, Wealth Management Technology Soutions, and in full collaboration with colleagues from BAS, TAG and Global Wealth Management, the incumbent is responsible for the support, maintenance and correction of data consumed by and produced by Advisor Desktop business applications, with special focus on Portfolio Management and application data.The incumbent will have responsibility over mission-critical ScotiaMcLeod master data. This includes (but is not limited to):• KYC (Know Your Client) and Customer Information File (CIF)• Account & Transactional data• Performance• Realized Gain/Loss• Product data• Security Reference dataDuties will include:• Perform data reconciliations between multiple platforms with similar data sets• Perform data validations to ensure the data quality standards are being met• Execute necessary corrections to  ensure data quality/consistency• Correct and process any failed records from the nightly processes• Liaise with various support desks providing assistance where appropriate• Working with external vendors on small projectsIn addition, the incumbent is responsible for support of steady-state and operational activities through the correspondence of IT Store ticketing  KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: As data governance capabilities are built out within WMTS, this role may expand to encompass data across the Global Wealth Distribution businesses.1. Support the enforcement of established data governance policies and practices:• Act on daily validation reports correct data where necessary• Provide given instructions to other departments on data related problems where necessary in order to correct root issues• Perform daily reconciliations• Process failed records from nightly loads2. Assist with the implementation of high-quality data within ScotiaMcLeod through active management of mission-critical applications, particularly within the ADSR program. This includes: participating in the execution of the testing strategy as required. 3. Support the Business Analysis and Solutions Group (BAS),ScotiaMcLeod Project and Support Services (PSS) teams and Operations Branch Training and Support team as required to understand the data governance impact of steady-state issues, and assist in identifying root causes and potential solutions.  Ongoing direct contact with end-users is a key component. Communication will be managed through a variety of channels including email, phone calls, in-person meetings and IT Store tickets.4. Escalate potential new data issues to the Senior Business Analyst with recommendations for resolution or tracking. SKILLS: 1. knowledge of the Canadian Wealth Management industry with a focus on Full-Service Brokerage2. Understands the concepts of relational objects, proficient in Microsoft Excel and Access.3. Exposure to performance and realize gain/loss calculations.4. Exposure to data quality, records management, security and privacy concepts, best practices, and tools/technologies is advantageous5. Ability to quickly and independently resolve complex, multi-faceted problems6. Knowledge of CRM and Portfolio Management software within the Retail Investing / Full-Service Brokerage vertical is an asset7. Previous experience with daily reconciliation is a nice to have.8. Post-Secondary degree required9. CSC designation is a good thing to have but is not required.  EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: A post graduate degree in computer science, business, math or engineering related discipline is desirable.Scotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
