http://ca.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BqWn8HSLxZP7qNxYtvKyMZM8CN-7389M2jKabNWVGpajLSSO3tUY05XhAXcX-dTnpZhCNcFgXzS3ZhpNfGEEseySim5yQwFVTVjooXVGvHp5k49ozK3wS1QvPHnpEWBZCa5C8hI-Uh3m62qC57Lfj2ZzDyln-MgMdRGnKnHBExLqq2ZPnwqoTFfHcHPAy_q4AKJ9hLDo9E04HVQMVlDoYBZHsmUwcT7BrraG4hFnNQ0Y5renI3QF3HZG5ZSwNLyagyK2cCtAYpfA2M1jYQfcd8sw3dzot6En_REeAFKePd-ELeof_NkaNtz2i2PjPoTeG0-Bv5dj9EwrkrU6ETkGt5d_2EMUP2gQB7UPOCtlVDEiGpdVA99cdcHQKmK6obQsAiSOFlXSoGmlt4gK15Y_ZlDf-kBXUWB4Umy3_3c1swPd2615v7Fkqf0NlMjfaNvcuTG4bqlo-OMZRTgoeMoiMn&p=2&sk=&fvj=0

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become financially better off. A Best WorkplaceScotiabank is a premier financial institution and Canada’s most international bank recognized as a Best Workplace®, in Canada, Mexico, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Panama, Peru, Chile and Latin America by the Great Place to Work® Institute. A multinational winning team Scotiabank is Canada’s international bank and a leading financial services provider in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and parts of Asia.  We are dedicated to helping our 21 million customers become better off through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management, corporate and investment banking.Corporate Social ResponsibilityScotiabank helps to build bright futures worldwide through ethical banking practices, environmental awareness and a commitment to communities.By working together, we build strong relationships and create value for our customers. Scotiabank’s Information Technology and Solutions provides global technology solutions support to each of our core businesses - Domestic Banking, International Banking, Global Banking & Markets and Global Wealth & Insurance. Our technology-based solutions enable Scotiabank to achieve sustained profitable growth and a competitive advantage.PURPOSE: The Programmer Analyst Advisory is responsible for providing specialized technical leadership in the analysis, design, development, implementation and support. The incumbent is responsible for current and future implementation projects within the group, introducing new technologies to meet business objectives and providing technical consultation and guidance to all development projects. The incumbent will have the opportunity to deliver code and provide leadership throughout the entire lifecycle from initiation through to delivery and post launch support. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Risk Management Systems & Services (RMSS) is seeking an experienced Programmer Analyst, Advisory, reporting to the Senior Manager, Development. The PA Advisory will not only be responsible for their own code, but will guide, mentor and lead junior programmers in the delivery of regulatory and non-regulatory solutions, utilizing both Agile and Waterfall approaches.The incumbent is responsible for providing specialized technical leadership in the analysis, design, development, implementation and support. The incumbent is responsible for current and future implementation projects within the group, introducing new technologies to meet business objectives and providing technical consultation and guidance to all development projects. The incumbent will have the opportunity to deliver code and provide leadership throughout the entire lifecycle from initiation through to delivery and post launch support.The work is intensive, expectation is high, but the opportunities are tremendous to contribute to foundational solutions, while enhancing your own leadership, communication, problem-solving and code delivery capabilities. If you believe in demonstrating a flexible, entrepreneurial approach, then you belong on this team. REPORTING RELATIONSHIP: Reports to: Senior Manager DevelopmentDirect Reports:  KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: 1. Participate ‘hands-on’ in the implementation of Risk applications including loading, modelling/calculating, storage, cleansing and integration with upstream/downstream systems by analyzing user requirements, contributing to technical specifications and designs, developing detailed work-plans, scheduling technical resources, monitoring progress against plan and developing/maintaining programs according to standards.  The incumbent must ensure software, programs and applications developed and/or configured to meet high availability, integrity and reliability requirements.2. Provide hands-on input, technical expertise, guidance, advice and knowledge transfer to all development staff on all aspects of application development for assigned applications or technology. Provide recommendations on departmental standards surrounding systems architecture, application development, systems integration, data modelling, testing, as well as, performing reviews and walkthroughs of all major project deliverables to ensure the quality and completeness of functionality.3. Provide production and user acceptance testing application support to complex technical problems on all assigned applications and technology that serve each business unit by analyzing problems, implementing solutions and developing new procedures surrounding support.  The incumbent may be required to carry a beeper and be available at all times to provide support to the system during overnight processing runs.4. Implement new systems or enhancements by reviewing programs written by team members, establishing and executing system test procedures, developing implementation plans, developing the required program and system documentation and ensuring all functionality has been delivered as required. The incumbent is also required to provide post implementation support and training to the computer operations staff on the production processing functionality.5. Maintain a good understanding of the Division's business strategies, business policies, financial instruments, risk management and backoffice processing.  In addition, the incumbent is required to provide leadership and specialized consultation in defining, planning and maintaining a strategy for the architecture, development and implementation of technology, systems and MIS within the Division to provide effective technical consulting and support services to the Division.6. Ensure the department's objectives are met by assisting in recruiting qualified staff, providing input to performance appraisals on time and maintaining up to date knowledge of technology, industry and business practices.The incumbent is guided by Bank policy and receives broad direction from the Senior Manager/Director, and general direction from the Project Manager for the projects assigned.  The incumbent is expected to function independently to identify opportunities for automation or efficiency, to introduce new technologies and to ensure that the department's objectives are met.   EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: A post graduate degree in a computer science, math or engineering related discipline is desirable, along with at least 5-7 years of practical experience in developing and deploying complex technology is essential.The incumbent must have a specialized knowledge on most aspects of technologies within a client/server and multi-tier environment: . system analysis and design . multiple computing platforms, such as Linux, Unix, Windows . programming languages (SAS including PMML, Statistical Analysis, XML, SQL, UNIX shell scripts) . database and data warehouse technologies (SQL, Hadoop)  . networking, communications, on-line transaction processing (OLTP) technology  . development techniques, such as debugging, testing, coding, continuous integration, operating system configuration, application performance and tuning . application software packages used by the Division and EDP security standardsThe incumbent must have a good knowledge of financial markets, along with a broad knowledge of the Banks products, services, market trends, computer services, planning and control tools and organizational structure. The incumbent must have good interpersonal and communication skills in order to deliver proposals, provide consultation to development staff. DIMENSIONS: Measurement criteria indicating scope/breadth/magnitude; key statistics, budgets, signing authority, sales results, units supported or other information which quantifies Major Accountabilities.The incumbent is responsible for the development of medium to highly complex projects which are typically > 300 workdays with budgets in excess of $300,000.  The incumbent is also responsible for providing second to third level support to designated applications within the unit. The applications developed and supported require a high level of availability and integrity where the consequence of system failure would expose the Bank to a significant loss or undue risk. WORKING CONDITIONS: The position requires concentrated use of sight and touch at a computer terminal on average 4-5 hrs/day.  The incumbent must work under tight deadlines, conflicting priorities and changing project requirements.  The incumbent must be able to react quickly to resolve technical problems and work overtime on many occasions to meet deadlines and to implement systems with minimal impact to the end users.  The incumbent may be required to be on call after hours to provide support to designated applications, and/or to support the duty programmers in resolving complex production problems.  Scotiabank is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. We thank you for your interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No agencies please.
