http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8e379199e8a703a2&fccid=d7114f1cac8d0711
: 
TD Description: Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. Here's our story: jobs.td.com
Auto req ID: 148230BR
Job Title: ANALYTICS & DATA SCIENCE ASSOCIATE (GRADUATE DEGREE)
Business Line: Corporate
Country: CANADA
Province/ State: Ontario
City: Toronto
Report Location: Toronto
Job Category - Primary: Campus Program
Job Category(s): Corporate Development | Strategy | DesignTechnology Solutions
Type of Role: MBA and Advanced Degrees
Start Date: - Summer
Department Overview: Building a World-Class Team at TDWe can’t afford to be boring. Neither can you. The scale and scope of what TD does may surprise you. The rapid pace of change makes it a business imperative for us to be smart and open-minded in the way we think about technology. TD’s technology and business teams become more intertwined as new opportunities present themselves. This new era in banking does not equal boring. Not at TD, anyway.Our Leaders are committed to people development, career advancement and value diversity and inclusion.
Job Description: Our Associates are full-time employees participating in a 24 month (4 x 6 month) Rotational Program to gain exposure and experience to global opportunities and to a variety of IT Areas and Businesses. This program provides an enterprise-wide orientation and on-boarding curriculum, continuous mentoring, rotational training, and on the job experience in the core activities, as well as ongoing leadership development.How You Will ContributeAnalytics & Data Science Associates will perform a variety of activities which may include:Data Science/ Advanced Analytics: Create and/or build complex models. Support a broad range of data driven solutions by applying a variety of techniques to build out complex models.Business Insight Analyst: Responsible for providing analytics and insights to recommend actions that will enable optimal business decisions and/or resolves complex business problems.  Identify opportunities to drive business growth & value.Visualization: Provide data visualization support by employing various techniques to support the business in interpreting info and communicating implications and /or recommendations to the business.Business Intelligence: Responsible for the design/development of complex reports, dashboards and scorecards to support business needs; ensure alignment of metrics across the organization.Other: Demonstrate strong initiative, establish priorities, and use strong communication, analytical and problem solving skills to add value to each initiative, project, or team you are assigned to.Participate as part of a team with targeted deliverables, working on initiatives designed to improve decisions, processes, systems, and applications which support our key businesses.Remain current with all the emerging trends and technologies in this field• Continuously enhance knowledge/expertise and keep current with leading-edge technologies trends/developments and develop expertise in TD services, applications, infrastructure, analytical tools and techniques that can contribute to effective solution development/delivery
Job Requirements: Strong statistical/analytics skills are preferred, in addition to a graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Quantitative Analysis, Statistics, Data Analytics or a related field.Experience with analyzing large data sets.Possess technical knowledge and on hands experience with SAS, R, Java, Python, C/C++, Hadoop, Spark, and CloudExcellent verbal & written communication with ability to work collaborate effectively in a team environmentWell versed in one or more of these listed areas: Big Data - Predictive Analytics, Optimization, Regression, Logit Modeling, Discreet Choice, Simulation, Propensity Modeling; Machine Learning – Data/Text Mining, Programming, Algorithm Development, Automation Data Visualization, Natural Language ProcessingUnderstanding of SAS DS2 programming preferred.Strong working knowledge of SAS Macros and SQL programming
Additional Information: Please ensure your application includes:Unofficial university transcriptCover letter (maximum 1 page)Resume (maximum 2 pages)All rotations are primarily located in the Greater Toronto Area.This position will commence July 10, 2017.To meet our Recruiters and Data & Analytics staff on campus, visit our Campus Events page.Application deadline: Friday, February 3, 2017
Education: Master’s
Education and Accreditation: • Undergraduate degree in Computer Science & Engineering
Inclusiveness: At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve.  If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.
**Province/State (Primary): Ontario
City (Primary): Toronto
