http://ca.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=492e172ec8286fa1&fccid=d7114f1cac8d0711
: 
Auto req ID: 150590BR
Job Title: AVP, Data Governance & Strategy
Report Location: 6747
Country: CANADA
Province/ State: Ontario
City: Toronto
TD Description: Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. Here's our story: jobs.td.com
Department Overview: TD Canada Trust is TD's customer-focused personal and small business banking business. Serving more than 11 million customers nationally, TD Canada Trust provides a full range of financial products and services through its branch banking network, telephone, internet banking, and ‘TD Green Machine’ automated banking machines.
Job Type: Regular
Job Status: Full Time
Hours: 8:30-5
Business Line: TD Canada Trust
Job Category - Primary: Retail Banking - Customer Service
Job Category(s): Retail Banking - Customer Service
Job Description: Reporting to the VP, Data Management, Governance & Reporting, the AVP, Data Governance & Strategy will provide vision, leadership and strategic direction for the Personal Banking Data Strategy and ensure alignment to the Enterprise Data strategy.  In addition, this role will work closely with the Office of the Chief Data Officer to implement and adhere to the Enterprise Data Governance Framework and Enterprise Data Policies and Standards for Personal Banking.  The role will work in close collaboration with partners across the organization and oversee the strategic mapping of Personal Banking data to a Target State Financial Services Data Model (FSDM).   This position will assume people management responsibilities for the Data Governance & Strategy Team and work closely with business partners in Products, Operations, Cards & Merchant Solutions as well as the Data Management Team, and Business Intelligence & Reporting Team to execute on the PB Data Strategy and transition Personal Banking to the Enterprise Target State.
Job Requirements: The AVP, Data Governance & Strategy will be expected to deliver: Data Strategy – Create a comprehensive Data Strategy and Roadmap that transitions Personal Banking to the Enterprise Target State.  The Data Strategy will define and execute the decommissioning of legacy data environments.  These legacy environments are extremely complex and create substantial data risk in how they might be operating.  This role will seek to identify and operationalize the work currently being performed on "one off" servers, EUCsData Governance – Provide leadership for all aspects of data governance functions within Personal Banking as the Lead Data Steward and ensure effective Data Stewardship Organization Structure is in place.  Manage a team of Data Governance Managers and Data Analysts to plan and deliver data profiling, exploration, data quality, metadata enrichment, data lineage, data issue and change management, and  Data Impact Assessments.  Ensure Personal Banking is in adherence to the Enterprise Data Policies and Standards.Data Analysis & Mapping – Map PB data from 60+ sources to comprehensive FSDM (429 subject areas and over 3,500 data tables).Data Provisioning – Provide governance, oversight and where requested, deliver trusted data for projects and applicable data initiativesData Subject Matter Expertise – Implement processes that will ensure data and business subject matter expertise is continuously developed by the team in order to provide effective and efficient data support for business partners.Articulate Costs and Benefits - Provide quantitative and qualitative costs and benefits/savings related to the execution of the PB Data Strategy, transitioning to Target State, and decommissioning legacy data environments  Some further expectations include: Exceptional leadership abilities with a focus on building a team to deliver robust data governance capabilitiesProvide leadership for the execution of the PB Data StrategyStrategic thinker with ability to execute diverse data functions from strategy development to detailed data modeling/mappingCollaborative style to work with and manage relationships with a variety of stakeholders including OCDO, ID&A;, TS, and Business  TeamsDeep subject-matter expertise for complex and multi-business data management and data capabilities that will drive business valueStrong people manager with ability to plan and get things doneDemonstrate strong communication and relationship management skills across business teams and executive teamsCommunicate effectively to achieve results and build strong relationships within and across teams.
Additional Information: Qualifications: The ideal candidate will have at least 10 years of experience in Data Management related fields and/or Data Governance. Required knowledge/skills:People leadership – knowing how to lead high performing teams, communicating well, and taking the time to coach and develop others;Organizational awareness – knowing how to engage the organization to get things done, deal with complex change, and enhance TD’s brand;Business acumen – understanding his/her business from the ground up and the key levers that will deliver superior results;Strategic insight – having a compelling vision and engaging others in achieving it, providing thought leadership, and constantly striving to find new ways to do things better.   Broad and comprehensive knowledge of, and experience with all aspects of Enterprise Data Governance Framework and Data Strategy development and executionIn-depth knowledge of and experience with Personal Banking LOBs (Products, Cards, and Operations) and the various stakeholder groupsIn-depth knowledge of banking and data policies, procedures and operations, as well as bank services and support structureExpertise in OCDO & TRMIS data policies and controlsSpecific Educational Requirements/Accreditations: Undergraduate degree required in Business, Computer Science or related fieldPost Graduate degree preferred
Inclusiveness: At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve.  If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.
**Province/State (Primary): Ontario
City (Primary): Toronto
