http://ca.indeed.com/company/VassuTech/jobs/Business-System-Analyst-dcc96b95b1153e0e?fccid=d564e42f9e3e9004
The Business Analyst/Business Intelligence will work collaboratively with the Business Intelligence technical team who will execute the design and development of new and innovative BI reporting products to meet the needs of the clients. The successful candidate will be a driven, adaptable individual with strong leadership skills, and the ability to provide guidance and escalation support for DW and BI operations and delivery. The successful candidate must also be able to communicate effectively within a multi-site team setting, involving off-shore developers. May also be required to require provide testing services and quality assurance activities throughout the systems development life cycle. 3-5 years’ experience in Business Intelligence business analysisYou will: Build strong relationships with our Enterprise partners and create opportunities to deliver more demand for their supply of advertising inventoryProvide support and analytics for both client facing and internal troubleshooting; identify and solve complex, technical problems and communicate complex technical requirements using clear and concise language to partners with varying technical backgroundsAnd how do we know that’s you? You have: A university degree, preferably in Business Administration or Computer Science/Engineering.A minimum of five years experience on technical projects including three as a Business Systems Analyst.The unique skills. You have strong data and process modelling and analysis skills gained on Data Warehouse or Business Intelligence projects.A practical approach. You have the hands on experience, theoretical knowledge and quick out-of-the-box thinking required to solve problems and offer innovative solutions.Drive and confidence. You revel in the BSA role. You understand and appreciate the technical intricacies and the bigger project and relationship issues too.The keys to success as a BSA. You flourish as a relationship builder and nurturer. You excel at documenting business needs and translating requirements. You are detail oriented. And you are expertly balance competing priorities.The basic tech skills such as MS Project, MS Office.The advanced tech skills such as an understanding of databases, data warehouses, analytics and reporting. Experience with any of the following would be beneficial: SQL, Teradata or Oracle. Exposure to MicroStrategy, Cognos or BusinessObjects would be an asset.Job Type: Full-timeRequired education:Bachelor's